are really high and very much enjoys
that kind interaction but doesn't mean
she doesn't enjoy that now one of her
favorite things that have a tongue
tickle but one of the things that we
knew is often I will make particularly
fun contingent on letting us cut your
head to the very playful analyst oh she
just wants to play and she knows there's
no food available but literally usually
we could stay here for hours playing
like this and she will not get tired of
it she might get questions and don't
play with her but she's really really
and all of our animals enjoy this kind
of play they talk about interaction but
she's kind of a play hog she's sort of
the older whales just sort of let her
all right it's go along let her play
everyone saw my act our older animal
will chase her away she's good to know
what you all get started up but then my
act doesn't really wanna stay around too
much but these kinds of interactions are
could be really really valuable to us
right now and that's probably the main
reason Hiawatha and it's possible that
my act didn't even do anything but I was
worried enough about it that she says oh
there comes the big the big old whale I
better get out of the way but I wanted
you to see this he does very much like
the Penguins who were seeing today we
can engage in these kinds of
interactions with these animals and
there's no question that in my mind they
enjoy it they look forward to it they
solicit it and that's a big part of
building a relationship
we often will do things